# CodingQuiz4

1. The time complexity for CamelCase to successfully run is O(n), utilizing a single for loop that internally has a runtime of O(1), since it is doing a single check to see if the current character is uppercase or not. It does this for a string of length n, and does not need any additional loops since the number of words can be assumed to be at least one since there is never an empty string submitted, and then any character that is uppercase after the first word is an additional one. The space complexity of this program would be O(1) since the input variable/size is the String of length n, which takes up a constant amount of space, and then the only additional variables utilized within the program are an integer to serve as our word counter, and then a character variable to allow for the comparison of whether it is uppercase or not.
2. The time complexity for Correctness and Loop Invariant is O(n^2) since the outer for loop runs a total of n times, with n being the size of the array to be sorted, and then the interior while loop will run n-1 times at most, if every value needs to be shifted in a worse case scenario. Ignoring the subtraction from the interior while loop, we can take this to be a runtime of O(n^2). The space complexity is O(n) since the input complexity takes precedence over the program complexity, and since an array is being utilized we are taking up a variable amount of space, which could mean n number of integers. The program complexity would be O(1) since the only variables utilized within the program are integers used to iterate through the for loop as well as an integer variable to store the value that is to be inserted into the array. No other arrays are created beyond the one given as an argument.
